now let's work on the HTML for our hero
image I'm going to lead off with a
division
this division is going to have a class
and I'm just going to make up the word
hero because it seems appropriate
inside that we're going to have a
picture set tag
the picture tag is going to begin
with a source
the source is going to have a source set
attribute
and I'll fill that in in a second it
also has a media query
and inside here we're going to use a Max
Dash width
the width we'll use for this First
Source is the width of our smallest
image which you'll feel remember is 500
pixels
the Second Source is just like the first
one except that the media query now
matches the medium image width
and then we're ready for a standard
image tag
images have sources
in this particular source is the large
one
it has an alt and I'll just call this
hero
and then we're going to have a width
equals
and a height equals
and then finish it off
so what should the width and height be
considering that we had three different
images
and three different widths and Heights
well actually since 2019 the width and
height are a ratio they are not related
to the pixel width and height of the
source image so you could put any one of
the three combinations in here so let's
go ahead and put 500
and 250.
or we could just as easily do 50 by 25
that's still a two to one ratio
so I'm going to copy this path
and I'll paste it up here and change the
word large
to small
and then for the second one
we'll use medium
you can see over here in a very small
preview
let me go ahead and use that other
there we go see a little bit better
so there's this small one
because our browser is narrower than a
maximum width of 500 once we go a little
bit wider it now jumps to the medium
What's Happening Here is it's actually
taking this Source set and it's
replacing this Source down here on line
17. when we get to medium it takes the
medium Source set and uses that as the
path for the image source
so here we have the small image the
medium image and the large image
now it's not scaling with the page but
it is changing based on the width of my
browser